Add more details on update process (#67)
glpi-project/doc-install: source/update.rst

   As for every update process, you have to backup some data before processing any upgrade:

   * **backup your database**;
   * backup your `files` directory;

>    * backup your `config` directory, especially for your GLPI key file (`config/glpi.key` or `config/glpicrypt.key`) which is randomly generated.

Reviewer: Maybe add a line about plugins and/or marketplace directories as well?

Author: done

Here are the steps to update GLPI:

* Download latest GLPI version.
* Ensure the target directory is empty and extract files there.

> * Restore the previously backuped `config` and `files` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Restore the previously backed up `config` and `files` directory.
```
